Title:	   MultiMarkdown Gallery  
Author:	   Fletcher T. Penney  

# Introduction #

This project is really just a collection of sample MultiMarkdown documents
demonstrating various features.

The samples have been upgraded to work with MMD 3.0. If you want samples
compatible with MMD 2.0, then you can download
[them](https://github.com/fletcher/MultiMarkdown-Gallery/zipball/2.0).


## Beamer-Presentation ##

by Fletcher T. Penney

This is an example of using MultiMarkdown to create a PDF slideshow via
[beamer](https://bitbucket.org/rivanvx/beamer/wiki/Home).


## Manuscript Example ##

by Fletcher T. Penney

This is an example of a file that was styled using MultiMarkdown, and the
`manuscript` package for LaTeX.

Basically, you write in plain text in your favorite word processor or text
editor, export as MultiMarkdown, and convert to a PDF that is "properly"
styled for a manuscript submission. Of course, with a couple of changes to the
metadata, you could format it yourself for printing as well.... Worth looking
at just to see what MultiMarkdown can do! Includes source MMD text file and
the final pdf.

**PS**: The TeX file produced by this process is better typeset using XeLaTeX,
rather than LaTeX.


## OmniOutliner ##

by Fletcher T. Penney

This contains a sample OmniOutliner document, as well as the exported
MultiMarkdown text file and HTML version, including the embedded image.

For more information, see
<http://fletcherpenney.net/mmd/multimarkdown_and_omnioutliner/>


## Sample Document ##

by Fletcher T. Penney

This is the original MultiMarkdown Sample Document. The source file,
`sample.txt`, demonstrates the original MultiMarkdown markup. The other files
show the output when converted to HTML/XHTML, LaTeX (using `mmd2tex`), PDF
(using `latexmk` on the LaTeX file), OPML (using `mmd2opml`), and OpenDocument
(using `mmd2odf`). Additionally, there is a Scrivener project that shows how
it could look when imported into Scrivener.


## Sample Letter ##

by Fletcher T. Penney

This is an example of what can be done with the letterhead feature of MMD. The
base version can be used with LaTeX, but if you want to add custom font
features using my customized version, you need to use XeLaTeX. LaTeX gurus can
get font changes on regular LaTeX installs, but this was easier for me.


## What Is MultiMarkdown? ##

by Fletcher T. Penney

Another slideshow created via beamer, but this one is also a beginner's intro
to what MultiMarkdown is.

# timeline-js3-wp
